# SECURING-ATM-TRANSACTIONS-CYBER-SECURITY-FOR-CYBER-PHYSICAL-SYSTEMS-
ATMs allow to make deposits and withdraw money and even you can print a statement, view your account balance and even transfer money between your accounts. ATMs, if properly secured, are safe and most convenient way to manage our money. To protect our money and transaction we need to safeguard them from different type of attacks. Nowadays due to development in technology, new ATM machines are being built up with more and more security. But to destroy this security level, threats are being imposed. Regardless of enhancement in the automation, still ATM are prone to thefts and frauds.

It is hence seen that using elgamal with hashing proves helpful as it reduces man in the middle attacks to a great extent owing to the fact that hash are irreversible. The 4 digit pin is converted to a fixed 256 bit hash value based upon which the pin is verified. Since strong and weak collision resistance follows hence it is highly improbable to find another pin with the same hash value. Even if the attacker gets a hold of the hash value he cannot find the original pin, hence keeping the identity of the user intact. The only shortcoming with this technique is that it is not permanent and while the system becomes scalable then the chances of collision becomes higher. Elgamal with hash gave the best time values for run time hence is used for the model here. As far as future work is concerned, using biometric identities is becoming the need of the hour but the obvious shortcomings were mentioned in the literature survey. To overcome this a hybrid biometric authentication system could be made for future which cannot be forged and is hundred percent immune to external
